Dead in the Water
-----------------

This folder contains adversaries, encounters, a stock vehicle, and custom vehicles that can be used with Dead in the Water, the adventure that comes with the Age of Rebellion GM's Kit.  This assumes that you have the adversaries from Age of Rebellion imported into your adversaries collection.  If not, import all adversaries from the "AoR Core Adversary Import" directory.

All encounters aboard the Shadow Raptor also contain a number of optional non-combatant NPCs.  Generally, these NPCs are not included in the encounter, but the encounter descriptions will tell you which types of adversaries to add for the various Raptor crewmen in that area.

This folder also contains a data set that can be imported to give you the new vehicles described in this adventure.  The vehicles are included in case you need to reference them, or print them out, but they are not used for any of the encounters.  You may, of course, modify any of the encounters to include the vehicles, if need be.

The Shadow Raptor has been included as a stock vehicle, if you want to print it out for reference.  It uses the Nebulon-B frigate as its basis, with the Upgraded Comms Array attachment, as well as a custom attachment called Advanced Control Systems, which adds to its handling.  The Advanced Control Systems attachment is included with the data set.

To include these new items in your system:

1. Run the data editor and Import the data set found in the "Dead in the Water Import\Data Sets" folder.  This will add the new vehicles (including image and silhouette image) and the new attachment to your custom data.
2. Run the GM Tools.
3. If all Age of Rebellion adversaries have not been imported, import them now.
4. Import all adversaries found in the "Dead in the Water Import\Adversaries" folder (use Import from the Adversaries pane).
5. Import the Shadow Raptor stock vehicle found in the "Dead in the Water Import\StockVehicles" folder (use Import from the Vehicles pane).
6. Import the encounters found in the "Dead in the Water Import\Encounters" folder (use Import from the Encounters pane).
